大家好，在我们即将开始 epoch 3 挖矿竞赛时，我想向您展示我们的 TEA 浏览器钱包 。

如果您使用我们的登陆页面提前注册并点击进入表格，您可以选择需要多少各类 CML 种子： A 优惠券、B 和 C 优惠券。如果您在比赛开始前来不及注册，您仍然可以在市场上购买 CML 种子。你不会因为迟到而处于太大的劣势，因为对于那些获得CML优惠券的人来说，他们必须花钱才能兑换这些优惠券。

您首先需要借一些COFFEE来开始整个流程。COFFEE 最初有 20, 000 的债务限额，您现在看见的我的这个帐户上还剩下大约 4000，因为我已经借了 1.6 万 COFFEE。一旦你借了 20,000 COFFEE，债务比率就会开始上升， 如果你想要更多的COFFEE，你的资产不能低于债务的 50% 。

让我继续兑换这些优惠券。我将登录我的 polkadot 钱包。您会注意到我的 COFFEE 从 6000 下降到 4000。您可以在这里看到不同类型的 CML 种子：C、B 和 A 种子。每种类型的种子都有不同的潜力：A 种子最强大，其次是 B 种子，然后是 C 种子。您会注意到目前它们处于 0（功率），但随着它们在时间轴上的成熟，它们将开始接近其最佳性能。

现在，如果我们尝试将其中一个种子种植到矿机中，您会看到这将花费 500 COFFEE，并且您将需要 1000 TEA 用于初始质押物。如果您需要一些 TEA 用于您的初始质押物，您可以使用此处的这些按钮将您的一些COFFEE 换成 TEA。

现在有四种不同的方法可以从 CML 种子中赚钱：
第一种也是最简单的方法适用于冷冻和解冻种子。现在要查看您的 种子 是否已冻结或是否已解冻，您可以在此处查看。如果显示为零，并且显示此图标可种植，则表示已解冻。您会注意到，这是目前唯一仍处于冻结状态的种子。现在，您可以为冷冻种子做的唯一一件事 就是将其进行抵押贷款。现在您可以阅读贷款协议。您必须为贷款支付利息，如果您不支付利息，在我们的epoch 3的加速状态下， 大约三天之后您将失去贷款的抵押品，你的CML种子。

我会为这个种子申请 TEA抵押贷款，因为冷冻种子，当它们只是放在你的钱包里时，它们不会产生任何收益。现在，在您取出贷款后，您可以转到此选项页面，查看您的贷款以及抵押品。TEA会记入你的TEA额度。

现在我们有一个额外的选择。在epoch 2.1中我们只能还清贷款。现在我们可以只支付利息了。现在几乎没有任何利息，我可以还清利息，假设贷款接近还款期限，这意味着该贷款将被延长三天。所以对还没有解冻的种子来讲，这是一个更好的选择，因为你还需要时间等待这些种子解冻。

让我们继续看一看这些种子解冻后可以做哪些事情 。当然，现在您也可以把解冻的种子抵押贷款，但是这样做是将这些解冻种子的利润最低化。

解冻后的种子，您能够将它种植到一台矿机，这开辟了许多不同增加收入的领域。这里，矿工 ID，IP您可以输入任意值，因为我们还不是真正的挖矿，这是一个模拟器。下面会有详细解释。然后你点击植Plant，这将开始种植过程。再次记住，您需要 500 COFFEE 和 1000 TEA来种植一棵CML，在那里您可以看到我们已经开始对这棵CML 443 进行挖矿。

也许您还不想立即将解冻的种子种植到矿机上，您认为把解冻的种子质押到别人的矿机上可能更有利可图。您会去看看其他人的挖矿，也许你会想要找到一台特定的矿机。看看我们发现了这个A种子目前只有一个质押。那么我们为什么不继续尝试将我们的一个种子质押到那台机器中，这样我们就可以继续选择该种子，此时我们不必担心滑动并确认。这样该种子会占据一个staking slot ，这样我们就开始从这台矿机挖矿收益中赚取一些收入。如果我们在这里查看，我们可以看到我们的CML种子被放置在这台矿机的第二个slot上。

现在，如果您查看 TApp，您会注意到每个 TApp 都可以根据两个要求进行托管 ：一个是您不能超过允许 的最大主机数。例如，这个就在这里，假设我想托管这个。它显示五分之五，这是什么意思呢？如果我点击host，它会说，“此 TApp 不再接受新的主机。”这就告诉您，当该TApps已经到达了最大的托管主机数。

这里我忘了解释一个重要的细节。现在我在 Vitalik 的账户中，如果我查看他的资产，您会看到他有一颗
正在挖矿的 C 种子，你可以看到它的当前主机性能是 2960。所以如果我们转到TApps， Vitalik 可能是说“好吧，我有 2960 的主机性能。我可以托管什么样的 TApp？” 这里是指最低主机性能要求，您可以在此处看到 2000 的主机性能，因此如果我选择托管此主机，您会看到 我有2960 的剩余性能，符合该TApp要求的2000 主机性能。所以让我们看看我去点击Host，它应该通过。

现在让我们尝试一下，假设我雄心勃勃，我想在托管这个TApp，让我们看看会发生什么。现在我只剩下960主机性能了。因此，无论何时托管 TApp，无论您的CML种子的性能如何，最低主机要求都会从您现有的性能中减去。所以只剩下 960 了，我没有选择托管这个 TApp。我唯一的选择就是托管这台要求500 主机性能的TApp。我满足这个要求，这样我就可以托管这个 TApp。这就是我可以托管的TApps。

说到排行榜，我们可以通过查看您在此处拥有的资产（包括您的预计挖矿收入）、您的账户余额（
包括您的 TApp 代币价值）等， 我们减去您的债务得出您的账户总价值。排行榜前 20 名将分享本次竞赛的奖金奖励 。最后，我祝您在这次挖矿比赛中一切顺利。

英文
Hey everyone，I wanted to give you a preview of our TEA browser wallet as we approach the epoch 3 mining contest. Now if you sign up early using our landing page and you click on through to the form, you can select how many A coupons, B and C coupons you'll want for the CML seeds. Now if you join the contest late, you can still buy CML seeds over on the marketplace. And you won't be at much of a disadvantage because for those who got the CML coupons such as this account right here, you now have to pay money to use these coupons.
So you'll want to first start off by borrowing some COFFEE. Now COFFEE has initially a 20000 debt limit, so right here I have approximately 4000 left on this account because I've already borrowed sixteen thousand. Once you've borrowed 20,000 COFFEE the debt ratio kicks in and your assets must not dip below 50% of the debt if you want any more coffee funding.
So let's go ahead and redeem these coupons. I'll sign into my polkadot wallet. And you'll notice that my COFFEE went down from 6000 to 4000. And you can see the various CML types you have: C, B, and A seeds here. And each type of seed has a different potential: the A seeds are the most powerful, followed by B and then the C seeds. And you notice currently they're at 0 (power) but as they mature in their timeline they'll start approaching their peak performance.
Now if we try to plant one of these seeds into a mining machine you will see that this will cost 500 COFFEE and also you will need 1000 TEA for the initial staking slot. And if you need some TEA for your initial staking slot you can exchange some of your COFFEE for TEA using these buttons over here. Now there's four different ways you can make money from your CML seeds.
The first and easiest way applies for both frozen and defrosted seeds. Now to see whether your
seed is frozen or whether it's defrosted you can look into this column here. If it shows zero
and it shows this icon that it's plantable, that means it's defrosted. You'll notice that currently this is the only seed right now that is still in the frozen state. Now the only thing you can do for a frozen seed is to deposit it for a loan. Now you can read the loan agreement.
Basically you have to pay interest on the loan and if you don't pay the interest i think it's about
a three-day period during our accelerated epoch then you'll lose the collateral for your loan.
So I will go ahead and take out a TEA genesis loan for this camellia seed because frozen seeds
they really don't do you much good when they're just sitting in your wallet. Now after you've taken out the loan you can head over to this tab and see your various collateral for your loans.
And the TEA obviously goes into your balance. Now we have an extra option. We used to have it
where you can only pay off the loan, that was the last epoch. Now we can actually pay the interest. So right now there's barely any interest, I could just pay off the interest and that will
turn over the loan let's say if it was getting close to the end that means that would extend it
for another three days. So that's actually going to be a preferable option as you're waiting for
these seeds to defrost so that you can do some of the other options. So let's go ahead and take
a look at what are some other things you can do once these seeds are in fact defrosted. Now
of course you can always do the same thing you can deposit it for a loan, but that's probably
going to be your least profitable scenario for these defrosted seeds. The first is you're going
to be able to plan it into a mining machine, and that opens up a lot of different areas. So
for the miner Id you can put in anything you want same for the IP. These are just any old number will do because we're not really mining, this is a simulation and this explains it more down here.
Then you click plant and that'll get the process started. Again remember that it's going to take
500 COFFEE and 1000 TEA for your initial stake and there you can see that we've started our
mining on this camellia 443. 
So the second thing you can do with a camellia seed that's defrosted is let's say that you don't really want to plant a seed yet. You want to maybe if you think you can make more money by staking it in a different mining machine. So you'll head over to take a look at everyone else's mining and maybe you'll want to find a particular machine oh look what we found in an A machine that has only one staker. So why don't we go ahead and try staking one of our seeds into that machine, so we can go ahead and select that seed and we don't have to worry about slippage at this point and confirm. And that will go ahead and put that seed into a staking slot so that we start earning some of the income from this mining machine.
So if we take a look up here we can see that our camellia seed is staked on the second slot in this mining machine. Now if you look at the TApps you'll notice that each t app is able to be hosted
according to two requirements: one is that you can't exceed the maximum number
of allowed hosts. For instance this one right here let's say I want to host this. It says five out of five, what does that mean? Well if i go to host it says that, oh here it says right here, "this
TApp no longer accepts new hosts." So that will tell you when a particular TApp is at
its maximum number of hosts. Pardon the jump cut. I'm actually coming back in at a different epoch because I forgot to explain one important detail. Now I'm in vitalik's account right now and if I go over to his assets you can see that he has one C camellia seed that's mining and you can see its current power is 2960. So if we go over to TApps and vitalik might be saying "okay i have 2960 power. What kind of TApps can I host?" So this is the minimum host performance requirement and you can see here this one here at 2000 so if i choose to host this one, you see
a remaining performance of 2960. Since that one requires 2 000 i should be okay. So let's see I go click the host button and it should go through. So okay now let's try, let's say i get ambitious and i want to host this one right here let's see what happens. Now I have only 960 remaining. So what's happening is that whatever your performance is for your camellia seed whenever you host a TApp, that minimum host requirement is being subtracted from your existing performance. So with only 960 left, I have no option to host this TApp. My only option of these would be to host
this one right here this 500. I would meet that requirement so I can host that TApp.
And that would be all the t apps that I can host. Speaking of the leaderboard, we can take a look
at how this is actually calculated by seeing that you have your assets over here including your
projected mining income your account balances including your TApp token values. We subtract
out your debt to come up with your account value. And the top 20 on the leaderboard will share in the rewards for this epoch. And with that I wish you all the best of luck during this mining contest.

